Hey, Mingping has been watching over you these days.
I'm sure of that.
Madam, I'm fine
I'm in excellent health.
Oh, poor child.
How talented is how big
This is handed down from the ancestors
The best way to ward off disasters and evil spirits for every generation of hostesses
No, the word old lady is too expensive
Just keep it
It was for you.
Thank you, madam
Don't change your mind
Thank you, Grandma.
Nini, are you still weak?
I will ask the housekeeper to find a famous Chinese medicine teacher to communicate with you.
Don't worry.
Not as delicate as you want
You're not alone anymore.
at least
Think about the baby
My belly will grow bigger one day
We need to settle our marriage early
Don't worry.
I haven't felt so much like stepping into the grave of marriage
You have all the bracelets
You are pregnant with my child
Who do you want to marry?
Nope.
It's just that I got married without ever being in a relationship
It's too expensive
Can we marry first and then love?
I'm going to your dad to get the money right away
But I grew up at Sunshine Orphanage.
I have no parents.
Sunshine Orphanage
Yeah, why?
Xu Jiao was also killed by Xu Yu in the Sunshine Orphanage
Claimed back
He also has a cosmic tai chi on his back.
It's too coincidental
Then I'll accompany you to the judicial authority
Enter the DNA database
In that case
It's easy to help you get your ex back
Never mind.
They don't want me anymore and I don't want them either